[MTM-63365] adapted table and parameters about microservice-maven-plugin-in and version info (#3339)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/general-aspects-bundle/microservice-manifest.md

The version has an impact on the microservice upload behavior:

* If the version is a snapshot, for example, "1.1.0-SNAPSHOT", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload.

> * If the version is NOT a snapshot, for example, "2.0.0", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload, but only if the image version to be uploaded is different from the last uploaded version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the version is NOT a snapshot, for example, "2.0.0", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload, but only if the image version to be uploaded is different from existing versions.
```

> * If a new non-snapshot ZIP file for a microservice is uploaded but the version is the same as the previous one, for example, "2.0.0", then this is not supported by the microservice installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a new non-snapshot ZIP file for a microservice is uploaded but the version is the same as a previous one, for example, "2.0.0", then this is not supported by the microservice installation.
```

>   In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a newer version for the upload.

Author: ```suggestion
  In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, for the upload you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a version, which is not existing already.
```
